alrighty ladies and gentlemen before i
start the holster is back we have a new
fucking channel this one's gonna fuck
and stay open fuck team Attitude Era
fucking attitude gonna be on that
channel gentle made by real wrestling
fans for real wrestling fans mofa team
aptitude arrow and now the time has come
15 reasons why Dolph Ziggler sucks the
flavor of the week motherfuckers number
one not good on the mic shitty onto my
Warren on the mind that's why he needs
Vickie Guerrero to cut the promos for
him don't piss excuse me you mean number
two he doesn't get a fucking reaction
nobody cares but it gives a fuck when it
gets applied fuck great so that's why he
gets Nikki get a reaction for my tanks
CM Punk even said that does that mean a
truck attempt is now tied at row number
three fucking shitty gimmick i'ma show
off does this guy in the fucking sixth
grade or something a show off what a
fucking dork doing some headstand so I'm
so angered like this guy is the heat is
off the charts he's a show-off I want to
cheat that shitty ass Kinnick number
four he was a male fucking cheerleader
give me a s
give me a ck you fucking suck be itch
not straight up lame not a slave us
Dolph okay which leads me to number five
he has a bunch had a bunch failed
gimmicks he makes a failed me an FA I
led motherfuckin fam huh number six he
had to cheat this world title rang ever
they just gave him the belt the
secondary intercontinental world title
he got it for free then he lost and like
five minutes worst fucking ring ever
handed belt then he loses it that's you
know probably the worst Idol Reagan
history number seven he was jobbing for
years with swagger with his bare male
cheerleader friends just a fucking
lifelong job the only reason they're
using and now it's cuz there's nobody
left all right if not he would still be
jobbing straight up number eight he's a
ray william johnson wanna be his
internet show is an obvious fucking
raywilliamjohnson ripoff i don't care if
you don't like great william johnson
ripping him off it's real it's a real
rip off huh and ray william johnson is
funnier than tall sigler it's true
mother fuckers it is and people think
he's so good he's a super great
entertainer because of this show he's
reading off a fucking teleprompter
whatever the fuck it is he's not cutting
good promos at the ring reading a
fucking script writing this fucking face
pic it doesn't mean
is entertaining here is a plant guys you
know then that shows a clip then you
reads jokes that they told them to say
motherfucker cadcut Provos number nine
mr. perfect wanna be when he started he
tried to look big time like mr. perfect
still does that's the only reason people
liked him because he was a fucking crook
a ripoff I'm gonna try to look like a
dead guy to get love yeah that's that's
great not strange number 10 he has no
fucking character just plain and fucking
boring just a boring son of a bitch it's
all he is okay nothing special number 11
is a mediocre wrestler and best boring
fucking matches waterdown shit guy never
did anything never did any single thing
that I enjoyed never when this guy is on
my screen I don't give a fuck at all
John Cena at least you dislike him or
you cannot all know there there's a
reaction there's some kind of all
fucking loser Cena with Dolph I just
know that's the reaction none and the
guy never did fuck all that was good
doesn't deserve this push or whatever
they give him the belt the first time as
a desperate way to get him over fucking
lane number 12 the most boring shitty
ass finisher in wrestling today good you
just said it's a jumping arm something I
don't know it's just shit the guy just
Falls on this back of a body slam is
more vicious than that it's cheap
number 13 big time overrated to say to
fucking least so for a number 14 fucking
lame entrance put faith in mother
fucking shit right number 58 asides
fucking son bandwagon jumping fucking
monkey marks up we love this guy because
he does head stance I saw some wrestling
guys say he liked him so we like him to
fucking garbage Dolph Ziggler is lame
he's always been lame and sadly if they
give this guy the belt in the future not
the interworld but the real Bell Dennis
gonna be lame very fucking lame all
right so yeah keep jumping on this Dolph
bandwagon have a good time but just know
that he fucking sucks dick so do you so
you buddy you suck meet your cock you
suck catholic till next time cocksucker